Add AlpineTrails (#24)
alpine-collective/awesome: README.md

* [Progressive enhancement with Alpine.js - Cart fragment example](https://github.com/nicolasdelfino/pe-alpine)
* [LittleBigTable - A flexible Alpine.js table](https://github.com/indgy/LittleBigTable)
* [NESHouse.com —— An open source implementation of ClubHouse](https://github.com/bestony/neshouse)

> * [AlpineTrails - AlpineJS and TailWindCss adventures from the house of LUBUS](https://alpinetrails.netlify.app/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AlpineTrails - AlpineJS and Tailwind CSS adventures from the house of LUBUS](https://alpinetrails.netlify.app/)
```

> * [AlpineTrails - AlpineJS and Tailwind CSS adventures from the house of LUBUS](https://alpinetrails.netlify.app/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AlpineTrails - Alpine.js and Tailwind CSS adventures from the house of LUBUS](https://alpinetrails.netlify.app/)
```
